Deprecation of log level environment variable (#3390)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: CHANGELOG.md

This port will be removed in the next release.
Together with it we will also remove the Prometheus annotation from the service.

#### Removal warning of Cluster Operator log level

> Because of the new Cluster Operator dynamic logging configuration via [PR#3328](https://github.com/strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator/pull/3328) we are going to remove the `STRIMZI_LOG_LEVEL` environment variable from the Cluster Operator deployment YAML file in the next release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because of the new Cluster Operator dynamic logging configuration via [PR#3328](https://github.com/strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator/pull/3328) we are going to remove the `STRIMZI_LOG_LEVEL` environment variable from the Cluster Operator deployment YAML file in the 0.20.0 release.
```

> If you are using this environment variable in your current Cluster Operator installation, please takes this into account when updating to the next release.

Reviewer: I would probably remove this sentence - It doesn't mean anything in 0.19.0 since nobody will remember now to do something in 0.20.0 based on this note. For that you need to make sure this is noted in #3328 ... It might just confuse people to thing the _next release_ referred here is 0.19.0.
